Add async example + GitHub action + README update (#53)
neo4j-examples/movies-python-bolt: README.adoc

=== Setup

Install Python 3.6-3.9 (sync) or 3.7-3.10 (async).

> Then get yourself setup with link:http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/[virtualenv] so we don't break any other Python stuff you have on your machine. After you've got that installed let's setup an environment for our app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then get yourself set up with link:http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/dev/virtualenvs/[virtualenv] so we don't break any other Python stuff you have on your machine. After you've got that installed let's set up an environment for our app:
```

Author: :D was there before. Good you caught it now.
